[Music]
[Music] The
rosy sunlight floats gently
across the sky, flowers bloom playfully, bees and
butterflies happily fly and frolic in spring.
[Music]
[Applause] The enlightened one shines
brighter than a thousand suns, spreading
fragrance throughout the ten directions, saving sentient beings.
Buddha Shakyamuni. The
Four Noble Truths, practiced by all, bring
peace and happiness, fragrance spreading throughout the ten
directions. The radiant sun shines far,
benefiting sentient beings. Buddha Shakyamuni. The rosy sunlight.
Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]
[Music] The rosy
sunlight floats gently
across the sky, flowers bloom playfully, bees and
butterflies happily fly and frolic in spring.
[Applause] The enlightened one shines
brighter than a thousand suns, spreading
fragrance throughout the ten directions, saving sentient beings.
Buddha Shakyamuni. The
Four Noble Truths, practiced by all, bring
peace and happiness, fragrance spreading throughout the ten
directions. The radiant sun shines far, benefiting
sentient beings. Buddha Shakyamuni. The rosy sunlight.
Buddha Shakyamuni. The
Four Noble Truths, practiced by all, bring
peace and happiness, suffering and hardship. The radiant sun
shines brightly, illuminating the image in
sentient beings. Buddha Shakyamuni. The rosy sunlight.  The
city is covered with red silk flowers in spring [Music] Song of the Buddha's Eternal Highness,
Buddha Shakyamuni
[Applause]